Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:14:23 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 1s 180ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 169ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:22:54 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 524ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 499ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:23:23 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 1s 413ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 392ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:29:23 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 951ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 934ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:30:09 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 560ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 540ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:30:35 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 1s 211ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 196ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:31:32 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 1s 493ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 466ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:42:57 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 1s 730ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 700ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:43:21 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 51s 383ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 440ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:45:22 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 1s 416ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 387ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:47:16 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 1s 358ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 338ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 14:50:02 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 453ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 436ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 15:10:40 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 103ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 462ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 15:16:07 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.SequentialWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 131ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 2s 105ms

Run at Mon, 1 Nov 2021 15:16:39 GMT
com.udacity.webcrawler.ParallelWebCrawler#crawl took 0m 2s 26ms
com.udacity.webcrawler.parser.PageParserImpl#parse took 0m 1s 861ms

